NXDOC-2934: Add warnings about Elasticsearch upgrade sequence index migration (#2663)
nuxeo/doc.nuxeo.com-platform-spaces: src/nxdoc/nuxeo-server/upgrading-the-nuxeo-platform/upgrade-from-lts-2019-to-lts-2021.md

1. The repository index, named `nuxeo` by default, doesn't need this migration because the repository
   will be re-indexed in the next step, so, once this index has been backed up, you can delete it.

2. The audit index named `nuxeo-audit` needs to be migrated. Follow the [re-index upgrade procedure](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/elasticsearch/reference/7.9/reindex-upgrade.html).

3. The sequence index named `nuxeo-uidgen` will be re-created at startup, so, once this index has been backed up, you can delete it.

{{#> callout type='warning'}}

> The `nuxeo-uidgen` index must be dropped **after** the audit index migration is complete and **before** restarting Nuxeo. This ensures that the sequence will be re-initialized with the value of the highest audit record, preventing duplicate IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `nuxeo-uidgen` index must be deleted **after** the audit index migration is complete and **before** restarting Nuxeo. This ensures that the sequence is re-initialized with the value of the highest audit record, preventing duplicate IDs.
```

Author: You are changing the warning meaning here - "dropped" and "added" does not mean the same thing.
@tmartins what's your take here?

Reviewer: @troger 'Dropped' has dual meaning and sometimes may be confusing based on context. We generally avoid such words. Also, since a specific point was mentioned in sequence of events, I had some doubt. Can we use 'Removed' instead?

Author: If you want - I will let @tmartins confirms what he wants on the documentation as he created the NXDOC ticket :)

Reviewer 2: According to Elasticsearch documentation, yes using "delete" seems to be fine when talking about indices

Reviewer: I have updated the suggestion and replaced "dropped" with 'deleted'. If this looks good, please approve and I will publish the documentation.
